https://imgur.com/vSiaojB

From the infrastructure image whose link is provided above, a user tries to visit foobar.com and the TLD points
at the ip address of 8.8.8.8 of the server where a DNS zone file contains an A record of value 'www' that points
at 8.8.8.8 as the authoritative server.

This server contains:
    - A Linux server OS
    A server is a computer device that has a server version of an OS installed on it. It is typically used to
    accept input from client OS or another server and processes the input and returns its result, known as output.

    - web server (Nginx) is installed on the server
    Nginx is one of the available web server software that is used to accept HTTP request from client and
    returns the static web content back to the client, which makes the request.
    
    - application server is installed and configured on the same server
    Application server enables the server to apply process a request using the business logic of an organization
    as defined in the application file or code base.
    
    - application files (your code base) is stored on the same server
    The application file is the code base that contains the definition of the business logic of a given organization.
    It is used by the application server to carry out various request from a user.
    
    - database (MySQL) is installed and configured on this same server
    MySQL is a well-structured storage system that is used to store data efficiently and provides it users with
    ability, to retrieve, modify, add, and delete data.
    
    - 1 domain name foobar.com configured with a www record that points to your server IP 8.8.8.8
    The DNS record of an A record with value www ensures that a website is reachable on www.thewebsitedomain.com.
    In our instance, adding such DNS record allows a client to be to browse the website of www.foobar.com
    The domain name enables the user to type in foobar.com in the browser address bar while the name is translated to the
    ip address of our server, which in this instance is 8.8.8.8

This infrastructure has a SPOF (single point og failure) because there is only single server and for us to do any
upgrade on the server, the website will not be reachable during the maintainance period.

There will definitely be downtime during every maintenance on this infrastructure since every role
(such as web server, application server, database server) is bundled on one, single server.

This infrastructure can not scale up if there is too much traffic incoming to it because there is only one single
server and as a result the website will perform poorly when there is too much incoming traffic.